README.md, before:

# Exxact Robotics - Developer Test 🛠

Hi! We're glad you want to join Exxact Robotics! We've designed this test so that you can show us how you think about a problem and how you implement its solution. We'll discuss it during our next meeting.

## Project

The Pays de la Loire Region wants to have a web application to observe their installations classified for environmental protection. They provided you with the [dataset.geojson file](./data/etablissements_icpe_pays_loire.geojson) containing these installations.

Here is the information that is most relevant for the user:
 - "raisonsociale"
 - "adresse1"
 - "codepostal"
 - "commune"
 - "statutseveso"
 - "etatactivite"
 - "prioritenationale"

## Instructions

- [Fullstack test instructions](./instructions/fullstack.md)
- [Frontend test instructions](./instructions/frontend.md)
- [Backend test instructions](./instructions/backend.md)

## Modalities

Create a private repository on GitHub to store your source code, invite HugoB-EXR and StuartEXR as collaborators, and send us the link by email once you've finished.  
Please provide a README with instructions to run your project.

Once we've had a good look at your web app, we will get together and discuss the results.

### License

The dataset was released under Open Licence by Région Pays de la Loire: [https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/icpe-agricoles-en-pays-de-la-loire/](https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/icpe-agricoles-en-pays-de-la-loire/)

Commit message:

Update README.md - add details in instructions part
Precise to the developer to only follow one of the instructions

README.md, after:

# Exxact Robotics - Developer Test 🛠

Hi! We're glad you want to join Exxact Robotics! We've designed this test so that you can show us how you think about a problem and how you implement its solution. We'll discuss it during our next meeting.

## Project

The Pays de la Loire Region wants to have a web application to observe their installations classified for environmental protection. They provided you with the [dataset.geojson file](./data/etablissements_icpe_pays_loire.geojson) containing these installations.

Here is the information that is most relevant for the user:
 - "raisonsociale"
 - "adresse1"
 - "codepostal"
 - "commune"
 - "statutseveso"
 - "etatactivite"
 - "prioritenationale"

## Instructions

Follow only one of these instructions regarding the the position you are applying for

- [Fullstack test instructions](./instructions/fullstack.md)
- [Frontend test instructions](./instructions/frontend.md)
- [Backend test instructions](./instructions/backend.md)

## Modalities

Create a private repository on GitHub to store your source code, invite HugoB-EXR and StuartEXR as collaborators, and send us the link by email once you've finished.  
Please provide a README with instructions to run your project.

Once we've had a good look at your web app, we will get together and discuss the results.

### License

The dataset was released under Open Licence by Région Pays de la Loire: [https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/icpe-agricoles-en-pays-de-la-loire/](https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/icpe-agricoles-en-pays-de-la-loire/)
